Create README.md for federation-internals (#2704)
apollographql/federation: internals-js/README.md

# @apollo/federation-internals

> Apollo Federation internal utilities. This package may ship breaking changes and does not hold the same semver guarentees as our other Federation pacakges.

Reviewer: This repo doesn't necessarily adhere to semver (though we do our best to), I don't want to make claims anywhere that that's the case until it's true.

```suggestion
This is an **internal** package for core Federation components. This package may ship breaking changes at any time and does not make the same efforts to avoid breaking changes as our other Federation packages.
```
